So I want to make it a little bit better. Right now, the agent is only active when prompted. What I want is that I want the agent to be proactive, meaning depending on where the person came from which usually we can get that information from the URL because there will be UTMs. We should have a predefined intro voice as well as text message that populates and that can be heard as soon as the person lands saying, "Hey, I'm here to, you know, be your guide. I'm always available. You can just chat with me, and I'll take you to wherever you need to go on the website." Or you can ask me anything, and I'll try to give you the best answer as I can. I can give presentations or whatever it is, but very short pitch as if a person just walked into a store, and then a quick introduction to the sales agent without necessarily saying he's the sales agent.
And this needs to be managed with within the admin dashboard. So meaning f-for the the user, or meaning the website owner, can have these predefined welcome voice notes generated by AI and assigned so that it doesn't need to generate a new one each time because that would be too costly. And and also, of course, as an option, a client might say, "Hey, I don't mind paying whatever the amount. I want the interaction with the customer to, to have also voice the whole way." Then we also should build that. So meaning as it responds with a text, it should also respond with a voice. And it will come in really handy when it's giving presentations or creating one of those, like, immersive dashboards—I mean, immersive screens—for custom questions.
So let's kind of let's make sure we build that again in the same format. We—this is a template for all future clients, so have all the comments. Don't overcrowd anything if you need to create a new pro—like, a file, create a new file dedicated just for the voice. But if it makes more sense to integrate it to where the chat is being generated, just not adding that voice element, then let's do that.
And also, again, the visitor can also talk, right? It just—we need to just give the owner an ability to turn on and off for these features. And actually, not even them, it's more so us meaning as the admin owners of the service, depending on if the client paid or not, we should be able to turn on and off those things. But for now, since we haven't built that feature yet, the super admins let the customer turn it on and off, but let it be tracked because if they turn it on, we need to know so we can charge them.
So turning it on means the voice feature where the visitors of the site can talk to the agent. The visitors of the site can have a back-and-forth conversation with the agent from with voice and everything else. A feature that has the intro vo—uh, the introduction voices as well. Let's work on that.