What we haven't done is one more thing, which is a nav bar, so a nav bar that allows users to locate or navigate to any active section within the site. We already manage the active sections from admin, so we know which ones are active and which ones are not. So the nav bar has to be dynamic as well. If there is a custom section, that custom section also should appear in that nav bar, and it should, you know, properly navigate to that section. When it comes to the design, let's go with minimalistic, you know, progressive disclosure kind of way. So we don't overcrowd the nav bar, but create some kind of like a hamburger menu or some kind of menu or some kind of button that when you click it, it expands to show you all of the sections available within the nav bar. And again, the nav bar should be kind of treated the same way as right now, what we do with the logo and the call to action button Get started. Since we have a customization for it that determines if it's going to be at the top, on the side, if it's going to be centered, that same should apply to the nav bar. It should not be something separate. And this might be another task, but right now when we refresh the page at any of the sections, It makes the person go back to the homepage. Meaning there's no trail. Let's say if a person was looking at the podcast section, they click refresh or something happens to them, you know, makes them go away to back to the hero section, the landing. If there is a way, we should be able to, when a person refreshes, let's navigate them back to where they are. It could anywhere in the site. Since we don't have necessarily pages, this is something I think we can offer. And how easy or hard is it for a client to create separate pages for some of these sections? Do we have the capacity to do that for them? Meaning like the URL being different because it's a different page. Some people might want that. They might want to target ads, specific targeted ads that goes to a specific page. Can we do that?